# Problems
With your knowledge of `cd`, `ls`, and `cat`, we're ready to play a little game!

We'll start it out in `/`. Normally:

`hacker@dojo:~$ cd /`

`hacker@dojo:/$ ls`

bin   challenge  etc   home  lib32  libx32  mnt  proc  run   srv  tmp  var
boot  dev        flag  lib   lib64  media   opt  root  sbin  sys  usr

That's a lot of contents! One day, you will be quite familiar with them, but already, you might recognize the flag file and the challenge directory.

In this challenge, I have *hidden the flag!* Here, you will use `ls` and `cat` to follow my breadcrumbs and find it! Here's how it'll work:

0. Your first clue is in `/`. Head on over there.
1. Look around with `ls`. There'll be a file named **HINT** or **CLUE** or something along those lines!
2. `cat` that file to read the clue!
3. Depending on what the clue says, head on over to the next directory (or don't!).
4. Follow the clues to the flag!

Good luck!
# Execution
hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cd /

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/$ ls

CUE  boot	dev  flag  lib	  lib64   media  nix  proc  run   srv  tmp  var
bin  challenge	etc  home  lib32  libx32  mnt	 opt  root  sbin  sys  usr


hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/$ cat CUE

Yahaha, you found me!
The next clue is in: /usr/share/locale/fy/LC_MESSAGES

The next clue is **delayed** --- it will not become readable until you enter the directory with `cd`.

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/$ cd /usr/share/locale/fy/LC_MESSAGES

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/usr/share/locale/fy/LC_MESSAGES$ ls

INFO  iso_3166-1.mo  iso_3166.mo

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/usr/share/locale/fy/LC_MESSAGES$ cat INFO

Congratulations, you found the clue!

The next clue is in: /usr/share/cargo/bin

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/usr/share/locale/fy/LC_MESSAGES$ cd /usr/share/cargo/bin

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/usr/share/cargo/bin$ ls

HINT  cargo

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:/usr/share/cargo/bin$ cat HINT

Congratulations, you found the clue!

The next clue is in: /usr/share/racket/pkgs/drracket/gui-debugger

Watch out! The next clue is **trapped**. You'll need to read it out without `cd`ing into the directory; otherwise, the clue will self destruct!

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ ls /usr/share/racket/pkgs/drracket/gui-debugger/

LICENSE.txt	 TODO.txt	compiled	icons	  load-sandbox.rkt
POINTER-TRAPPED  annotator.rkt	debug-tool.rkt	info.rkt  marks.rkt

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cat /usr/share/racket/pkgs/drracket/gui-debugger/POINTER-TRAPPED

Lucky listing!

The next clue is in: /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/Neo-Euler/Size1


Watch out! The next clue is **trapped**. You'll need to read it out without `cd`ing into the directory; otherwise, the clue will self destruct!

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ ls /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/Neo-Euler/Size1

ALERT-TRAPPED  Regular

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cat /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/Neo-Euler/Size1/ALERT-TRAPPED

Tubular find!

The next clue is in: /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/unpacked/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/TeX/AMS

The next clue is **hidden** --- its filename starts with a `.` character. You'll need to look for it using special options to `ls`.

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cd /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/TeX/AMS

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ ls /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/unpacked/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/TeX/AMS -a

.  ..  .NOTE  Regular

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cat /usr/share/javascript/mathjax/unpacked/jax/output/HTML-CSS/fonts/TeX/AMS/.NOTE

Lucky listing!

The next clue is in: /usr/local/lib/python3.8/dist-packages/jupyterlab_server/test_data/schemas/@jupyterlab/translation-extension

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ ls /usr/local/lib/python3.8/dist-packages/jupyterlab_server/test_data/schemas/@jupyterlab/translation-extension -a

.  ..  MEMO  plugin.json

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cat /usr/local/lib/python3.8/dist-packages/jupyterlab_server/test_data/schemas/@jupyterlab/translation-extension/MEMO

Yahaha, you found me!

The next clue is in: /opt/linux/linux-5.4/sound/soc/img

The next clue is **hidden** --- its filename starts with a `.` character. You'll need to look for it using special options to `ls`.

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ ls /opt/linux/linux-5.4/sound/soc/img -a

.   .WHISPER  Makefile	    img-i2s-out.c	img-spdif-in.c	 pistachio-internal-dac.c
..  Kconfig   img-i2s-in.c  img-parallel-out.c	img-spdif-out.c

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cat /opt/linux/linux-5.4/sound/soc/img/.WHISPER

Yahaha, you found me!

The next clue is in: /usr/share/racket/pkgs/scheme-lib/scheme/exists/compiled


The next clue is **hidden** --- its filename starts with a `.` character. You'll need to look for it using special options to `ls`.

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ ls /usr/share/racket/pkgs/scheme-lib/scheme/exists/compiled -a

.  ..  .DISPATCH  lang_rkt.dep	lang_rkt.zo

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ cat /usr/share/racket/pkgs/scheme-lib/scheme/exists/compiled/.DISPATCH

CONGRATULATIONS! Your perserverence has paid off, and you have found the flag!

It is: pwn.college{Ih7wtsnGeehgDy8qF3EMk1HUsst.QX5IDO0wCM3MjMwEzW}

hacker@commands~an-epic-filesystem-quest:~$ 
# Flag
pwn.college{Ih7wtsnGeehgDy8qF3EMk1HUsst.QX5IDO0wCM3MjMwEzW}